Added instructions for using wl-clip-persist (#1038)
hyprwm/hyprland-wiki: pages/Useful Utilities/Clipboard-Managers.md

...and so on. For further information, please refer to the repository
mentioned above.

## wl-clip-persist

> Add the following lines to `hyprland.conf`. No other changes required, the basic wayland copy/paste mechanisms will now persist even when the source window is closed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the following line to `hyprland.conf`. No other changes are required. The basic wayland copy/paste mechanisms will now persist even when the source window is closed.
```

```ini
exec-once = wl-clip-persist --clipboard regular
```

> Can also apply to the primary clipboard (i.e. middle click to paste selection) too, but this is not recommended because the primary clipboard [has unintended side-effects for some GTK applications.](https://github.com/Linus789/wl-clip-persist#primary-selection-mode-breaks-the-selection-system-3)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Can also be applied to the primary selection (i.e. middle click to paste selection) too, but this is not recommended because the primary selection [has unintended side-effects for some GTK applications.](https://github.com/Linus789/wl-clip-persist#primary-selection-mode-breaks-the-selection-system-3)
```
